Release: 1.2.1.8004
===================

by gwoo on January 16, 2009

The response to CakePHP 1.2 Final has been amazing. In less than a
month, we have seen over 40,000 downloads. These numbers go along
nicely with the 2000+ users who grab the svn version. We cannot thank
everyone enough for continuing to support the project.
As a little reward, we worked hard to fix up a few bugs and push out
the latest stable release, CakePHP 1.2.1.8004[1]. We'd like to thank
everyone who submitted test cases and patches. Many of you may have
seen that since the stable release, we have taken a harder stance on
supplying a test case with the bug report. This rule is not hard and
fast, as many times we have written the test cases, when a patch or
well described ticket was submitted. We will continue this policy, as
we have seen the benefits of allowing us to fix issues faster and
ensure that changes are well needed.

Please, remember that the stable releases do not come with the test
cases. If you find a bug, please checkout from svn[2] or download the
nightly[3].

Anyway, TGIF. Enjoy the latest release.

Happy Baking,
CakePHP Team

[1] `http://cakeforge.org/frs/?group_id=23_id=434`_
[2] `https://trac.cakephp.org/`_
[3] `http://cakephp.org/downloads/nightly/1.2.x.x`_
[4] Security Notice: `http://groups.google.com/group/cake-
php/browse_thread/thread/659682805f3d71d7`_

.. __id=434: http://cakeforge.org/frs/?group_id=23&release_id=434
.. _http://cakephp.org/downloads/nightly/1.2.x.x: http://cakephp.org/downloads/nightly/1.2.x.x
.. _https://trac.cakephp.org/: https://trac.cakephp.org/
.. _http://groups.google.com/group/cake-php/browse_thread/thread/659682805f3d71d7: http://groups.google.com/group/cake-php/browse_thread/thread/659682805f3d71d7
.. meta::
    :title: Release: 1.2.1.8004
    :description: CakePHP Article related to release,News
    :keywords: release,News
    :copyright: Copyright 2009 gwoo
    :category: news

