Release: 1.2.2.8120
===================

by gwoo on March 19, 2009

CakePHP still rising! We are excited to announce the release of
CakePHP 1.2.2.8120[1]. The latest stable release fixes several bugs
including a security issue with paginator links. While this issue
should only affect a small number of people, we highly recommend
everyone upgrade to this stable version. We do not expect any
incompatibilities with your current code, but as always check out the
changelog[2] to see all the issues that were fixed
With several releases of CakePHP 1.2 behind us we can now being to
focus our attention on the next versions. So, without further ado, we
are happy to share the official git repository,
`http://thechaw.com/cakephp`_

For now, we are working on 1.3 with several "feature" branches, with
"master" on the latest stable (1.2.2.8120) and the 1.2 branch as the
development of the stable version. We will continue to accept tickets
to `https://trac.cakephp.org`_, but this will also change once we have
a chance to migrate the old tickets. We ask that NO tickets be
submitted on 1.3 unless it is an enhancement. These tickets should
also be submitted to trac.

Hopefully, you are as excited as we are with all the new developments.
Stop by #cakephp on irc.freenode.net, if you have any questions.

Bake on!

[1] `http://cakeforge.org/frs/?group_id=23_id=441`_
[2] `http://trac.cakephp.org/wiki/changelog/1.2.x.x`_

.. _http://thechaw.com/cakephp: http://thechaw.com/cakephp
.. _https://trac.cakephp.org: https://trac.cakephp.org/
.. _http://trac.cakephp.org/wiki/changelog/1.2.x.x: http://trac.cakephp.org/wiki/changelog/1.2.x.x
.. __id=441: http://cakeforge.org/frs/?group_id=23&release_id=441

.. author:: gwoo
.. categories:: news
.. tags:: release,News

